# skinsis-skin-disease-detection-ML-Model
This repo contains the Datasets and  Best Models from the Skinsis application.
Skin disease is a condition that not many people truly know and even if they do, they either don’t care or don’t know how to handle it. Some commonly known skin diseases are acne and blackheads which mostly only women know. Therefore, it will be more problematic in the future if it is not treated or mistreated. Research done by the National Society for Cutaneous Medicine states that Skin and subcutaneous disease grew 46.8% between 1990 to 2017 and is ranked fourth by the incidence of all causes of disease. The main problem is the limited knowledge people have on this issue. To help spread awareness and knowledge, we are willing to make an application to detect skin disease on the face. 

This app can detect skin diseases on the face and give recommendations as first aid. This app can help a lot of people to overcome the skin disease on their face and spread awareness about their skin’s health. How this app is going to work is by using image recognition to detect the face. After it classifies the disease, it will show recommendations on how to cure it.

Machine Learning: This app uses Image Recognition. First, we do wrangling data and image augmentation to increase the amount of data. Then, build the best model by setting the number of layers and loss function with Transfer Learning Mobile Net on Jupyter Notebook. We deploy the model to the server with tensorflow.js.
